[Bots] New dash (#23375)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/bots/concepts/bot/verified-bots/policy.mdx

### Minimum Traffic

> A bot or proxy must have a minimum amount of traffic for Cloudflare to be able to find it in the sampled data. The minimum traffic should have more than 1000 requests per day across multiple domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bot or proxy must have a minimum amount of traffic for Cloudflare to be able to find it in the sampled data. The minimum traffic should have more than 1,000 requests per day across multiple domains.
```
